[CRX] Fix native messaging links (#5558)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/messaging/index.md

a (top-level) frame is viewed as the smallest part.
Upon calling [tabs.connect()][tabs-connect], [runtime.connect()][runtime-connect] or [runtime.connectNative()][runtime-connect-native], a [Port][runtime-port]
is created. This port can immediately be used for sending messages to the other end via
[postMessage()][runtime-post-msg].

If there are multiple frames in a tab, calling [tabs.connect()][tabs-connect] results in multiple invocations of
the [runtime.onConnect][runtime-on-connect] event, once for each frame in the tab. Similarly, if
[runtime.connect()][runtime-connect] is called, then the onConnect event may be fired multiple times, once for every
frame in the extension process.

You may want to find out when a connection is closed, for example if you are maintaining separate
state for each open port. For this listen to the [runtime.Port.onDisconnect][runtime-on-disconnect] event. This
event is fired when there are no valid ports at the other side of the channel. This happens in the
following situations:

- There are no listeners for [runtime.onConnect][runtime-on-connect] at the other end.

> - The tab containing the port is unloaded (e.g. if the tab is navigated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The tab containing the port is unloaded (for example, if the tab is navigated).
```

## Native messaging {: #native-messaging }

Extensions [can exchange messages][native-client] with native applications that are registered as a
[native messaging host][native-host]. To learn more about this feature, see [Native messaging][native-messaging].

## Security considerations {: #security-considerations }

### Content scripts are less trustworthy {: #content-scripts-are-less-trustworthy }

> [Content scripts are less trustworthy][security-cs] than the extension service worker (e.g., a malicious web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Content scripts are less trustworthy][security-cs] than the extension service worker (for example, a malicious web
```

});
```

[native-client]: /docs/extensions/mv3/nativeMessaging/#native-messaging-client
[native-host]: /docs/extensions/mv3/nativeMessaging/#native-messaging-host
[native-messaging]: /docs/extensions/mv3/nativeMessaging/
[runtime-connect-native]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#method-connectNative
[runtime-connect]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#method-connect
[runtime-on-connect-ext]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#event-onConnectExternal
[runtime-on-connect]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#event-onConnect
[runtime-on-disconnect]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#property-Port-onDisconnect
[runtime-on-msg-ext]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#event-onMessageExternal
[runtime-on-msg]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#event-onMessage
[runtime-port-disconnect]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#property-Port-disconnect
[runtime-port]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#type-Port
[runtime-post-msg]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#property-Port-postMessage
[runtime-send-msg]: /docs/extensions/reference/runtime#method-sendMessage
[section-external]: #external
[section-long]: #connect

> [section-one]: #simple

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[section-one-time]: #simple
```
